# AI-Fooler-Browser-Extension

Welcome to the AI-Fooler-Browser-Extension! 
This extension allows users to easily alter text or images using the [AI-Detector-Fooler project](https://gitlab.uni-hannover.de/informaticup-2024/gruppe-7/ai-dector-fooler),
enabling modifications that prevent AI detectors from recognizing the content as generated by AI.
The extension provides a simple interface to interact with the underlying script, enhancing the user experience.

### Features

- **Modify Text and Images:**<br>
  Effortlessly make changes to text or images using the AI Detector Fooler script.

- **Drag-and-Drop Interface:**<br>
  Enhance your experience with a seamless drag-and-drop feature, allowing users to quickly modify images by simply dragging them into the extension.

- **Image and Text Rewrite:**<br>
  Mark text in the browser, right-click, or drag and drop images directly into the extension to instantly rewrite content, ensuring that AI detectors cannot recognize it as generated by AI.


## Installation
Since there is currently no release version of the extension available, installation is done in developer mode in a browser.

1. Download the entire source code.
2. Extract the archive to a location of your choice.
3. Open Chrome or a Chromium browser.
4. Enter `chrome://extensions` in the address bar and press Enter.
5. Enable developer mode by toggling the switch in the upper right corner.
6. The 'Load unpacked' option will now appear.
7. Click on 'Load unpacked' and select the extension folder.
8. The extension should now be visible in the list of extensions.


Next, communication with the Python script needs to be established using the Native Messaging Host.
The file `ai_detector_fooler.json` in the extension folder must be placed in a specific location depending on the operating system.
Before that, open the file and replace the path `"/path/to/browser_communication.py"` in the script for 'AI-Detector-Fooler'
with the correct path to `"browser_communication.py"`, which is in the Python script folder. If you haven't downloaded the script yet,
you can find it [here](https://gitlab.uni-hannover.de/informaticup-2024/gruppe-7/ai-dector-fooler).

Also in the first line of the `browser_communication.py` file, you need to specify the path to your Python3 interpreter. If you are unsure how to find the path, [this forum post](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2589711/find-full-path-of-the-python-interpreter) can provide guidance.
Replace `#!/path/to/python3` with the path to your interpreter.

After successfully changing the paths, follow the steps according to your operating system.

**Windows**

On Windows, the manifest file can be located anywhere in the file system. The app installer needs to create a registry key and set the default value of this key to the full path of the manifest file. Use the following command, for example:
```bash
REG ADD "HKCU\Software\Google\Chrome\NativeMessagingHosts\ai_detector_fooler" /ve /t REG_SZ /d "C:\path\to\ai_detector_fooler.json" /f
```
**macOS & Linux**

On macOS and Linux, the location of the native messaging host's manifest file varies depending on the browser (Google Chrome or Chromium). Move the file to the correct location for you.

**macOS:**
- Google Chrome: `/Library/Google/Chrome/NativeMessagingHosts/ai_detector_fooler.json`
- Chromium: `/Library/Application Support/Chromium/NativeMessagingHosts/ai_detector_fooler.json`

**Linux:**
- Google Chrome: `/etc/opt/chrome/native-messaging-hosts/ai_detector_fooler.json`
- Chromium: `/etc/chromium/native-messaging-hosts/ai_detector_fooler.json`

Congratulations! The extension is now successfully installed.

## Usage

1. Open the web page containing the text or image you want to modify.
2. Click on the AI Modifier extension icon in your browser toolbar.
3. To modify text:
    - Highlight the desired text in the browser.
    - Right-click and select the "Text mit AI-Detector-Fooler umschreiben" option.
    - Alternatively, enter text directly into the associated textarea and press the 'Umschreiben' button.
    - Upon successful processing, the associated textarea will be highlighted with a green border.
4. To modify images:
    - Use the drag-and-drop feature or select images using the file explorer.
    - Upon successful processing, the path to the modified image will be displayed.

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE). 
For more information, see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

## Roadmap

Here are some planned features for future development:

- **Context Menu Integration:**
  Add a menu point to the context menu for easier editing of pictures directly from the browser.

- **Chunking Base64 Image Data:**
  Implement chunking of Base64 image data in the native messaging host, eliminating the need for a file path and enabling the direct display of the edited image.

  
## Contributing

I am open to contributors, and there are no specific prerequisites for contributing to this project. Whether you're interested in fixing bugs, implementing new features, or suggesting improvements, your contributions are welcome!

Feel free to fork the project, create your branch, make your changes, and submit a pull request. If you're unsure where to start or have questions, don't hesitate to reach out.

## Authors

- **Lou Kielhorn**
    - Email: [lou.michael.kielhorn@stud.uni-hannover.de](mailto:lou.michael.kielhorn@stud.uni-hannover.de)

## Project Status

Development for this project has stopped. Feel free to fork the project and continue its development.
